Now let's fix the style of these next and previous buttons.
So first let's use the card component of the bootstrap.
So we have the card header here and let's use the card footer and let's wrap these buttons in that card
fold rhythm.
And so we have a div here which is going to have the class of card footer and let's move the buttons
into this div.
So let's say this one.
Now the buttons are in this card footer.
And if I click next here we see both of the buttons and let's also apply the bootstrap styles for the
button as well.
And we have used the button bootstrap button here in the signup form and we will do the same thing here,
but we will go with the different style.
There are a couple of styles for the button, but let's see those.
So there is this class and BTN now we are going to go with an outline style and we is a third parameter.
We are setting the color like the colors are primary, secondary, default, danger and so on.
And let's go with the secondary and let's also make this button a bit smaller by adding this BTN exam
and let's add the same class for the.
The next button.
Saving this one.
Now the button is looking like this and let's click the next and both are having the same style.
Now, since the buttons are triggering the asynchronous action, which is loading the user's data from
back end, this display is spinner to user.
So a user would know there is something going on in the background.
And for this one, let's add a test.
This is the user, this component spec and let's add a new test here.
It displays spinner during the API call.
So we are going to get the let's say we will get the first page just copying these two lines.
We are returning the first page.
It doesn't really matter which page we will see, but before returning the response, we are going to
query the existence of the the spinner.
And previously we have added the spinner to the activate components back like this.
So let's just copy this one.
And pasting here.
So we are querying the span, having the status roll and before receive the response we are going to
see the spinner.
Then after the response we are going to update the UI and when we query the spinner again, this time
it's going to be false.
So this is the test and let's open the karma and saving this one.
So this one is failing a display spinner during the API call and user is component test.
Now we are going to fix this in the user is component.
We will track to the API request.
So let's have a property here that's called this one is fetching data and initially let's say it is
false and this is the function for loading the users data from back end.
And whenever this is called, let's set this fetching data to true.
And after we receive response, let's set this fetching data to false.
Now we can use this one in template and we can conditionally show the the spinner right here.
And again, I'm going to copy the spinner from Activate component here.
We were displaying the spinner like this, just copying this one and pasting into this diff card filter.
So like here, I'm just pasting here and this is going to be checking the fetching data and this is
a boolean.
So it is either true or false.
And based on that it's going to be displaying the spinner.
So let's say the changes.
And here we see the tests are passing and let's test this one on browser.
So if I click next it is showing and hiding two to this.
So let's open the chrome devtools and it slow the network down and let's click to the next.
Now we are seeing the spinner and the spinner is gone after the the response is received like when we
click the previous we are seeing the spinner here.
Now let's also change the style a bit more.
Let's hide the next and previous buttons when the spinner is visible.
So set the neutral timing for network.
Now let's do like this.
Since we want to hide the previous and next buttons, we can use the the fetching data here.
So the buttons are conditional displayed.
And for the previous page we have this has previous page and if it's not fetching data, so when we
are fetching data even we have previous which the page we will be hiding the the previous button and
similarly.
For the next page.
Again, we are going to.
Check if you're not fetching data, let's say this one.
And opening the console once again, slowing the network clicking next.
Now the button is gone and spinner is visible.
And same thing also happens when we click the previews.
By the way, I'm switching from slow to neutral to link in between tests because whenever I save the
changes in the VS code, the application is reloaded.
And when the application is recorded in browser, when the network is slow, it takes more time to rebuild
the application.
So that's why I'm going back to no throttling.
And now let's also have a styling like this.
Let's move the spinner.
Let's make the spinner visible in the center.
And we can do that by setting text center in the root div.
By div I mean this div card footer so we can set text center here.
So it will be moving the things to the center.
And let's say this, but this is also affecting the buttons here.
For the buttons, let's do something like this.
Let's move the next button to the right edge and show the previous button on the left edge of this this
footer.
And we can do that by using the float classes of bootstrap.
So for the previous button we can set float start.
So it will be moving the button to the start of the the div.
And for the the next button we will add the float and class and that's going to be moving the button
to the end of this line.
So let's say this one.
Now the next is visible here and again, let's open the network tab and slow the network.
And when I click next here we see Spinner in the center and the previous is seen on the left, next
is on the right.
So now we have a better layout, better UI, and we are also providing more info to user about ongoing
actions in the background.